add the possibility to import course from the decomp of mk64 (#316)
Fast-64/fast64: fast64_internal/mk64/README.md

# Mario Kart 64

> ## Importing Course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Importing Course Display Lists
```

> It's similar to F3D Importer, you select the file where you have the display list, the name of the display list you want to import and the path to the decomp. (by default course are cut as segment so it's better to use cinematic version who have all, it's in general the last display variable in course_data.inc.c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's similar to the F3D Importer, you select the file where you have the display list, set the name of the display list you want to import and the path to the decomp. (by default courses are split in segments so it's better to use the cinematic version, usually the last display list in course_data.inc.c).
```
